README.md, before:

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/robolaunch/trademark/main/logos/svg/rocket.svg" width="40" height="40" align="top"> robolaunch UI

[EDIT THIS: You can put badges to the README using [shields.io](https://shields.io/). Explain the repository's purpose shortly.]

<div align="center">
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/releases">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nodejs-18.15.0-green" alt="release">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/releases">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v0.1.0-blue" alt="release">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/blob/main/LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/robolaunch/template" alt="license">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/issues">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/robolaunch/template" alt="issues">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/actions">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-dgreen" alt="build">
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

robolaunch Template helps organization members to have a generic project template before opening a repository. [Use this repository as a template](https://github.com/robolaunch/template/generate) for the new [robolaunch Organization](https://github.com/robolaunch) repository and specialize it according to project's needs.

## Table of Contents

[EDIT THIS: Add your headers to table of contents.]

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Aims & Roadmap](#aims--roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Overview

[EDIT THIS: Give more insight about the project. Provide a feature list.]

The aim of this project is to maintain a generic template for robolaunch projects. Members of robolaunch organization can fork this repository and start developing their projects following conventions such as:

- Following a code of conduct
- Having a contributing guide
- Having a style guide
- Applying Apache 2.0 license
- Having a README template
- Having issue & pull request templates
- Using worklows for testing & build

## Quick Start

[EDIT THIS: Explain how starters can try the project's functionality.]

After [using this project as template](https://github.com/robolaunch/template/generate), you can:

- Update generic fields at README, specialize it to the project
- Create first release to stage new features
- Add custom workflows for CI/CD
- Specialize issue & PR templates if needed

## Aims & Roadmap

[EDIT THIS: Add roadmap items for the project.]

- Extending the open source conventions
- Enforcing conventional commit messages

## Contributing

Please see [this guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) if you want to contribute.

Commit message:

docs(readme.md and example env): :tada: update readme and add example env file

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/robolaunch/trademark/main/logos/svg/rocket.svg" width="40" height="40" align="top"> robolaunch UI

[EDIT THIS: You can put badges to the README using [shields.io](https://shields.io/). Explain the repository's purpose shortly.]

<div align="center">
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/releases">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nodejs-18.15.0-green" alt="release">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/releases">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v0.1.0-blue" alt="release">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/blob/main/LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/robolaunch/template" alt="license">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/issues">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/robolaunch/template" alt="issues">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/robolaunch/template/actions">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-dgreen" alt="build">
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Aims & Roadmap](#aims--roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Overview

robolaunch is a Cloud-Native Robotics Platform that provides the end-to-end infrastructure, software stack and tools for developing, simulating, deploying and operating ROS/ROS2 robots at scale.

## Quick Start

To use robolaunch-ui, you must first have Node.js installed on your computer. You can then follow the steps below:

### Step 1

Clone or download robolaunch-ui repository. You can start here;

```bash
git clone https://github.com/robolaunch/ui
```

### Step 2

Run this command to download the packages the project depends on.

```bash
npm install
```

### Step 3

Run the following command to start the project

```bash
npm start
```

## Contributing

Please see [this guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) if you want to contribute.
